Prime: weighting changes (#7418)
randovania/randovania: CHANGELOG.md

### Metroid Prime

- Added: The Data Visualizer now shows an Area View.

> - Changed: Artifact, Phazon Suit, and Missile Expansion weighting adjusted to improve distribution of Artifacts away from certain high probability locations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed: Artifact, Phazon Suit, and Missile Expansion generation weights adjusted resulting in more even item-location probability distribution.
```
